Thank you William!

Good morning - today is SERIES S1H and the SPILL 79 down with 21 up. We
came into yesterday with S4H NORMAL but extra caution due to the 5+ hours
of nothing following the NFP resolution to 2184 MOE. Thanks to the BRITS
the PEEANS were trapped at 2183 -see 4:36 a.m. The market -RTH -opened at
2180 ES roundie and  made its FIRST PASS ever at the 2181 SPOT then topped
at 2181.25 ES at  9:45… MORE

WHAT PRICE DID NOT DO was this: EXCEED THE M.O.E. for CASH on the 2183.54
EXACT aka 2184.The opening UP put us on alert for an already WARY flipped
lean coming into trade.. What was needed was lower prices after 10 am. than
the LOD to confirm the flip. The low, 2177. By the 2177.5 SPOT was killed
at 10:20 and exceeded the stop run reversal window of .25-.75 at

10:21.The lean was flipped to S4L on that CONFIRMATION.

The remainder of the day was a slow motion CHOP TILT DOWN to the last hour
double bottom at

2173.25.This COMPRESSED ES range of 8 , 5.5 big contract, inability to
clear out  2184 cash MOE was nothing more imo than a market recognizing a
very large FOCB (fish or cut bait price) that has been a known value since
1991.68 cash bottomed  BREXIT and went back through the 200 day MA (2011.5
EX correlated to FV ) ...MORE

The deal becomes pretty simple  basis the 2184 CASH stopping price dead
 its’ tracks. Can the bulls kill that price and make the run at 2200 big
 CASH roundie  w/ one small fibbo in between at 2192 cash OR can the bears
mount some offense and confirm a down move by killing the WEEKLY PIVOT
@2165.7 and more importantly imo 2163.,5 !!!! SPOT ???

We enter OPTIONS EXPIRATION  window tomorrow  on the 8 days of EXPIRY and
it will be an S2 day.The first day of the 8 days of EXPIRY normally
exhibits a trending feature. The BULLS will want  today to be S1H , the
BEARS will want S1L due to the implications for NORMAL S2 days on
Wednesday.   MORE

The pencil and eraser crowd, Elliott/Fib players, are also extremely
cognizant of this price 2184 cash and the  3 and 39 min charts in your box
exhibit the impasse. There should be zero surprises that this price is
showing efficacy, the 2184. If we resolve up then  price will squirt.If we
break then the big deal is can the Bears kill the 2163.5 /2165.70.. SPTS TA
ROUNDIES

        FV -4.40  S1H  08/09/16  SEPTEMBER 2016 contract

          DAILY
                  WEEKLY

          PIVOT  2176.7
                                    2165.7



          S1  2172.3
                                      2153.1

          S2  2169.2
                                      2129.5

          R1  2179.8
                                      2189.3

          R2  2184.2
                                      2201.9

        MAX H  2187.3
                                 2225.5

        MAX L   2164.8
                                 2116.9



        Range Projections

        2170.8-2178.3  Primary
                   2159.4-2195.6

        2174.5-2182.0  Alternate
                 2141.3-2177.5



         TVS

         2181.0 High
                                   2178.2

         2180.6 Low
                                    2173.1



         TWO    DAY

        2193.0-2196.6 HIGH

        2157.4-2161.0 LOW

      OPG   2180.0
                                     2168.5

.          H 2181.0
                                      2178.2


          L  2173.5
                                      2142.0
          C 2175.5
                                      2176.8



-- 
*MrTopStep Group*

*web*: http://mrtopstep.com
*email*: info@mrtopstep.com
*youtube*: http://youtube.com/mrtopstepgroup
*twitter*: http://twitter.com/mrtopstep


*NOTICE of CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLAIMER:  This email is intended only for
the person(s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
confidential and/or privileged material. Delivery of this email or any of
the information contained herein to anyone other than the intended
recipient or his designated representative is unauthorized and any other
use, reproduction, distribution or copying of this document or the
information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of sender or its affiliates is prohibited and may be
unlawful.*

*The information and data in the following report(s) were obtained from
sources considered reliable.  Opinions, market data, and recommendations
are subject to change at any time.   Their accuracy or completeness is not
guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or
solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any
commodities or securities.  MrTopStep, its officers, directors and its
contributors may in the normal course of business, have position(s), which
may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report.
MrTopStep, its officers, and directors are not agents, representatives, or
affiliates of the CME Group.*

*Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign
currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable
for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is
suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial
resources.  Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions
expressed in these report(s) will be the full responsibility of the
person(s) authorizing such transaction(s).     AN INVESTOR COULD LOSE ALL
OR MORE THAN THE INITIAL INVESTMENT.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS.*

