Thank you William!     William Blount observations

Good morning -today is Series S4L very slight iffy and the SPILL is up..
Yesterday was similar to a day in Dec. near Christmas. The range was an
abysmal 5.9 Handles large contract, 6.25 ES.THIS TOO SHALL PASS and that is
tied in to yesterday’s larger picture commentary (a keeper for future
reference on commentaries at least until the Tuesday commentary after Labor
Day).

This is EXPIRATION WEEK/Expiration week tends to skew up.  Yesterday’s
compression was augmented by 3.6 handles of gravy in the gap.That is the
movement from Friday CLOSE to Monday Open. The lean on the SPILL was DOWN
calling into question as to rather we would FLIP the LEAN on a MONDAY when
the GAP UP appeared…HERE:

william blount:(9:47:04 AM) : the lean has decent odds now of being flipped
to S3L

:william blount:(10:12:29 AM) : ok, any new HOD will maintain same lean S3H

:william blount:(10:12:40 AM) : any touch of 84.25 flips it

Now let’s get down to failure .From 10:28 a.m. Low to Hod @2190.75 the
overall range was was 2.5 handles.  Between 11:24 and 12:28 we printed a
distinct  triple top, a unicorn on es at 2191.75.The CASH stayed within the
next FIB, 2192 cash,  given on July 21 and often repeated.

The LEAN WAS NOT FLIPPED.The a.m. high was assigned at 2190.5, a scant .25
below what the lunch high assignment @ 2190.75. Nonetheless LUNCH WAS
GREATER THAN A.M. HIGH.This means we look for the mid p.m. low to be
shallow. An attack on the triple top and BESTING BY at least a stop run
reversal price of 2190.75 triple top should occur.This is a very high odds
occurrence, that is why that triple top is referred to as a UNICORN,.It has
a success rate along the lines of INVERTED TREND VALUES.For instance, 5 of
the 7 failures on INVERTED TREND VALUES have come on ranges of less than 7
handles. ..MORE

Now as we were coming into the expected mid p.m. low we knew support was
given at 2184.5/2185.5 , the LOD on opening bar and the assigned SPILL LOW.
HERE:

william blount:(2:16:34 PM) : ok, we got unicorn at 90.75 --we are now in
the mode to start lifting the scales from our eyes in locating the mid p.m.
low

william blount:(2:17:04 PM) : 84.5/85.5 support -- .

william blount:(2:27:53 PM) : lunch greater than a.,m. high by ,25 and a
unicorn at HOD certainly gives the odds to the bulls -- I was not following
the triple top bit in oct 31, 2004 when there was a real hard down
following a lunch high greater than a.m. high

Where the rubber meets the road,FAILURE, synopsis:The risk to the mid p.m.
long is 84.25 and would require a new LOD.THE ODDS overwhelmingly favor a
touch of 2091 due to the triple top and the lean is for a last hour high
because lunch is greater than the a.m. high even if by only .25 of one
handle. We are trading in reduced TONE  (ranges and volatility); therefore,
the

Decision is simple : Given this same opportunity 100 X , DO I TAKE THIS
LONG  at 88.75 offered w/ initial stop 84.25 or not. My answer is YES, every
time.The next big issue is when to  move the stop from 84.25.My answer,
when price show bottom 88.5 AFTER it crosses through 90 ROUNDIE and limit
to sell at 90.75 for +2. WHY 90.75?? That is actually given above.The odds
strongly favor last hour touch of 91 and in order to ASSURE THE FILL  the
price is 90.75 on the limit. This trade resulted in FAILURE with a stop out
at 88 as price TOPPED at 90.25 and an extremely weak last hour high printed
at  90 ROUNDIE -see 3:10… Now, if that set up occurs 100x and only has a 70
% success outcome , you figure the +2 vs. -.75 on that W/L ratio.The odds
are actually better than that of winning… The key is getting the initial
stop moved .

Finally, the above trade requires that one understand what is meant by YOU
MUST USE A SCALPEL in COMPRESSED TONE TRADING .This is NOT a TONE currently
where VOLATILITY COVERS MANY SINS.This is actually, like it or not, where
minnow trading/sardine trading is the best ,uh , only   game in town…

HONING-Today is S4L very slightly iffy .The slightly iffy is due to the
FACT that the day yesterday reads best as S3H but the last hour failure or
the residual SPILL low at 2185.5 inform that one team or the other colored
outside the lines -TIME IS A STANDARD DEVIATION - slightly. My opinion is
that the last hour was very weak as the FIB rejected price on cash within
MOE.Today :

The bears GET A SHOT AND ARE IN MUST PERFORM -- that performance JOB 1 is
to  go after the 2177.5 SPOT aka WEEKLY PIVOT.Remember they DO NOT
ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING OF REAL VALUE until they take out 2168 CASH. .The BULLS
JOB is simple also :

They NEED to get price through 2191 and go after the big roundie on cash at
2200 BY KILLING THE cash FIB at 2192 with MOE at 2194 cash on the upper
side. SPOTS TA ROUNDIES. NO CHARTS TODAY -- the next decent catalyst is
tomorrow at 2 p.m. FOMC minutes --remember from 12 noon today through 12
noon on Thursday  several turns are often overwhelmed by EXPIRY FUN AND
GAMES..

     FV -2.88  S4L VERY SLIGHT IFFY  08/16/16  SEPTEMBER 2016 contract

          DAILY
                  WEEKLY

          PIVOT  2187.1
                                    2177.2



          S1  2185.5
                                      2170.3

          S2  2181.2
                                      2160.5

          R1  2189.4
                                      2187.5

          R2  2193.0
                                      2194.9

        MAX H  2195.3
                                 2204.7

        MAX L   2177.6
                                 2153.1



        Range Projections

        2185.3-2191.2  Primary
                   2174.0-2191.2

        2182.4-2188.3  Alternate
                 2165.4-2182.6



         TVS

         2190.7 High
                                   22.04.7

         2190.5 Low
                                    2165.4



         TWO    DAY

        2204.8-2208.4 HIGH

        2189.1-2162.7 LOW

      OPG   2184.8
                                     2180.0

.          H 2190.7
                                      2185.0


          L  2184.8
                                      2167.8
          C 2185.8
                                      2180.2



-- 
*MrTopStep Group*

*web*: http://mrtopstep.com
*email*: info@mrtopstep.com
*youtube*: http://youtube.com/mrtopstepgroup
*twitter*: http://twitter.com/mrtopstep


*NOTICE of CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLAIMER:  This email is intended only for
the person(s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
confidential and/or privileged material. Delivery of this email or any of
the information contained herein to anyone other than the intended
recipient or his designated representative is unauthorized and any other
use, reproduction, distribution or copying of this document or the
information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of sender or its affiliates is prohibited and may be
unlawful.*

*The information and data in the following report(s) were obtained from
sources considered reliable.  Opinions, market data, and recommendations
are subject to change at any time.   Their accuracy or completeness is not
guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or
solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any
commodities or securities.  MrTopStep, its officers, directors and its
contributors may in the normal course of business, have position(s), which
may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report.
MrTopStep, its officers, and directors are not agents, representatives, or
affiliates of the CME Group.*

*Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign
currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable
for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is
suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial
resources.  Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions
expressed in these report(s) will be the full responsibility of the
person(s) authorizing such transaction(s).     AN INVESTOR COULD LOSE ALL
OR MORE THAN THE INITIAL INVESTMENT.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS.*

