Thank you William!

Good morning - today is SERIES S4L and the SPILL is UP… Yesterday we came
into the day on a FAILURE of the BEARS to kill the 2162 SPOT thereby
opening the door to the weekly pivot and the needed 2143 SPOT. Likewise,
the Bulls had failed to kill 2163.5 placing them in a NEED for a bullish
S3H, most easily identified by having a higher lunch high than a.m.
high.HERE:

“:    With today being S3H the deal is SPILL DOWN, a,m, high , mid a.m.
low, lunch high, mid p.m. low , last hour high.The main aspect of the day
will be rather lunch is greater than or less than the a.m. high as that is
the essence of trend formation (higher highs with higher lows or lower
highs with lower lows) ... On the EW the bulls need an yet as assigned
green 2 low  and they  have 1 other route , an extended wave , if the bulls
can accomplish a breakout of the Thursday high…...I do not  have time to
 copy and paste each and every real time post; however, I have included
yesterday;s SPOTS CHART and included the verbiage of pre-identified needs
that were given”….MORE

Pay attention to the please as regards that chart..The SPILL LOW  held what
has been given as a key price going back to before the Trump win and
intensified in is critical nature since that event.The toughest part of the
day was the 6.75 handle highly compressed front half of the day coupled
with a TIE basis the A.M. AND LUNCH HIGHS.That TIE places the market going
into the back half of the day with neither team having a marked edge as to
outcome. WHAT WE DID KNOW is the SPILL LOW 2163.5 spot (2163 extreme), THE
OPEN that WE ALWAYS WRITE DOWN-2165.5, A small bull tell on a .25 STOP RUN
REVERSAL at 2165.5 (stop run reversals are .25-.75). and The TIE..NEXT AND
MORE ‘

Next I want you to look laterally at the OPEN from the opening all the way
to 1:31-2:05...Notice the accelerated back through of the OPEN at 10:01
SIGNALING the highly probable move to the a.m. high, notice the 3 PROBES
  @10:42, the mid a,m  low assignment , & finally at 1 p.m. The day had
held the open , it was showing  itself to be support, the BEARS needed it
dead and a breakthrough of 2163.5 !!! on a DEEP mid p.m. low/Th were given
two chances: the STANLEY FISCHER speech . the first dashed red TL down and
failed.Finally another bull tell on the touch of 2169.75 appeared and  the
BEARS became reliant on a steep very fast drop below the mid p.m. low THE
BEARS FAILED. The final insult to injury , the time that the down pressure
from the normal cylce low into mid p.m. abated  occurred on the back
through of  the 2171.5 SPOT OPENING UP THE MARKET TO HIGHER PRICES INTO THE
THE LAST HOUR...So, what next??

Long term readers remember Dr. Tom DRAKE , 2 cents, and the HOBSON CLOSE.
This is when you actually go out at the HOD on the last tick or low of the
day.It is why I always get he giggles when people say NHOTC (new high on
the close) .I concede that a new high or low in the LAST HOUR is often
readily probable BUT the HOBSON CLOSE, a TRUE NHOTC is not seen very often
at all. When you do see it , you KNOW the camp doing it has overplayed its’
hand squeezing shorts  if a high or longs if a low.This normally is
followed with a pullback or reversal in order to offset the traders
emotionally squeezed. Now hone…

Honing: this from Monday- “ william blount:(11:08:06 AM) : the market will
try to DEFINE a lower boundary if YESTERDAY HIGH is not taken out in short
order.The dogfight is for CONTROL of 2163.5 SPOT !!! The BULLS need to get
and keep that price under them.The BULLS need to GO AFTER the 2181
SPOT.Underneath the 2163.5 , the Bears first need is to go after the 2152
SPOT for starters but they open up no deeper doors unless 2143 SPOT is
Killed. “...We know we had a Hobson close and some pullback should be
expected.It would take a killing of the 2181 SPOT where the last TRAPPED
PEEAN high at 2180.5 occurred on TRUMP day 2 last week. KILLING THIS PRICE
with current FV puts the 2184 cash HIGH FIB that was the huge fib coming
out of BREXIT LOW.  Underneath , the BULLS NOW NEED TO DEFEND 2163.5 OF
COURSE and that support stretches from  non spot 2166.25 down to 2163.5
SPOT. While the ES RTH did take out last THURSDAY high at 2178, the BULLS
have yet to dispense with the CASH HIGH that day.  The BULLS do NOT have a
slam dunk in their effort to go after the ALL TIME HIGHS just yet due to
the HOBSON CLOSE;however, it is in their court and they are in must
performance and that performance begins to crack if they loe 2163.5 as
bulwark to their defense. SPOTS TA ROUNDIES.. Use 2158 -2181 and work in …

       FV -2.54  S4L  11/16/16  December 2016 contract

          DAILY
                  WEEKLY

          PIVOT  2174.1
                                  2149.4



          S1  2168.7
                                      2120.7

          S2  2157.9
                                      2079.7

          R1  2184.9
                                      2190.2

          R2  2190.3
                                      2218.9

        MAX H  2201.1
                                 2259.7

        MAX L   2152.5
                                 2051.2



        Range Projections

        2171.4-2187.6  Primary
                   2135.0-2204.5

        2163.3-2179.5  Alternate
                 2100.3-2169.8



         TVS

         2179.5 High
                                  2177.4

         2175.1 Low
                                   2115.5


         TWO    DAY

        2183.3-2186.9 HIGH

        2155.9-2159.5 LOW

      OPG   2165.5
                                     2110.0

.          H 2179.5
                                      2178.0


          L  2163.3
                                      2108.5
          C 2179.5
                                      2161.5



-- 
*MrTopStep Group*

*web*: http://mrtopstep.com
*email*: info@mrtopstep.com
*youtube*: http://youtube.com/mrtopstepgroup
*twitter*: http://twitter.com/mrtopstep


*NOTICE of CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLAIMER:  This email is intended only for
the person(s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
confidential and/or privileged material. Delivery of this email or any of
the information contained herein to anyone other than the intended
recipient or his designated representative is unauthorized and any other
use, reproduction, distribution or copying of this document or the
information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of sender or its affiliates is prohibited and may be
unlawful.*

*The information and data in the following report(s) were obtained from
sources considered reliable.  Opinions, market data, and recommendations
are subject to change at any time.   Their accuracy or completeness is not
guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or
solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any
commodities or securities.  MrTopStep, its officers, directors and its
contributors may in the normal course of business, have position(s), which
may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report.
 MrTopStep, its officers, and directors are not agents, representatives, or
affiliates of the CME Group.*

*Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign
currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable
for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is
suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial
resources.  Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions
expressed in these report(s) will be the full responsibility of the
person(s) authorizing such transaction(s).     AN INVESTOR COULD LOSE ALL
OR MORE THAN THE INITIAL INVESTMENT.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS.*

