*Thank you William!     *

Good morning- today is Series S4L and the SPILL is UP.. Yesterday most
certainly DID NOT possess a trending feature..In fact it was a very
compressed range @ 7 handles RTH large contract ..In a sign of weakness
 the last our high was early and weak.Another tell of weakness  showed its’
hand at that early and weak high as well: a break out bar on the  E-MINI
occurred and took cash 54 cents on cash over the MOE-2handles used on cash
to identify EXACT hits on pencil and eraser work (elliott wave).. WHAT DOES
THIS MEAN???

In an effort to answer this I have included a CASH chart on 3 min time
frame with a best effort count..If you are not familiar with EW do not let
this daunt you or get bogged down in the weeds. It is the WHAT NEXT THAT
MATTERS --It MEANS the red box on the right should try to hold any decline
and if the red horizontal line is broken then the 3? And 4? Are wrong and
the 5 =1 OR LARGER IS CORRECT AND THE Horizontal LINE ;SACROSANCT’ is
confirmation.It means the BULLS  are then in DIRE NEED of DEFENDING 2085
CASH where the FLAT focused upon on Friday last week in real time and
defined in the Monday COMMENTARY.That low was the ORIGIN for finding the
32.44 + 2085+ would act as RESISTANCE +,- MOE 2 handles.. Now lets put this
to PRICE on FUTURES and blend in the ROLL OVER ..

Ok, today is -10.41 FV futures vs. cash. For those who choose to still
trade June today, I did include the JUNE NUMBAHS in a separate document.
BY SIMPLY subtracting 10-10.5 handles from cash you can readily see that
2100 BIG ROUNDIE , 2095.5 , 2095.1 weekly pivot (this will change Friday
/do not let that throw you for a loop , and 2091.5 SPOT are correlated
perfectly to the .26 to .5 retraces  where one would expect a WAVE 4 to
terminate…On OFFENSE you can readily see that  10-10.5 + 2112 SPOT gives a
CASH value that shifts everything in the bull favor to go after higher CASH
resistance in the 2130-234 CASH zone given earlier in the week  as the next
set of larger FIBS…   ALTHOUGH it would be very very low odds without an
event TODAY  you should also be able to easily GLEAN where the BEARS will
committed again to a larger BEAR MOVE..the 2075.5 SPOT !!! due to the 2085
LARGER CASH SUPPORT!!! --SO BEARS COMMITTED 2075.5 SPOT CONFIRMED 2068 spot
of course!!! (2077 less FV within MOE)...Because I wanted to focus on
ROLLOVER and the weak action yesterday  at day end (not killing 2120.01
cash) those committed and confirmed prices will have to suffice for the
FOLLOW UP to yesterday’s LARGER PICTURE  charts for a little longer --

HONING AND SYNOPSIS..the day should go SPILL UP, A,M. LOW, MID A.M. HIGH ,
LUNCH LOW, MID P.M.HIGH, and last Hour low .The BEARS need to use
yesterday’s compressed range and last hour weakness with NO FOLLOW THROUGH
on the 2:46 break out bar and weak last hour high..Job 1 for the  Bears is
to kill the 2103.5  ()(**%&(*# !!!! SPOT and go after the weekly pivot
...Job 1 for the BULLS is to go after 2112 SPOT and confirm the market is
indeed going to make the final grind to the all time high zone where
2130-2134 cash fib band resides. On defense there first big battle would
 be defending the .236 retrace on cash AKA the 2100 BIG ROUNDIE ES which is
normally associated with 4th waves that are weak in nature (bullish), FROM
THERE you have everything else laid out above  ...SPOTS TA roundies


   FV -10.41  S4L    06/09/16  SEPTEMBER 2016 contract

          DAILY

       WEEKLY

          PIVOT  2107.6
                                                                2095.1



          S1  2104.8
                                                                    2086.2

          S2  2100.6
                                                                    2074.6

          R1  2111.8
                                                                    2106.7

          R2  2114.6
                                                                    2115.6

        MAX H  2118.8
                                                               2127.2

        MAX L   2097.8
                                                               2065.7



        Range Projections

        2106.2-2113.2  Primary
                                                 2080.4-2100.9

        2102.7-2109.7  Alternate
                                               2090.7-2111.2



         TVS

         2110.3 High
                                                                 2103.8

         2109.0 Low
                                                                  2101.5



         TWO    DAY

        2123.3-2126.9 HIGH

        2086.7-2096.3 LOW

      OPG   2103.5
                                                                   2099.5

.          H 2110.3
                                                                    2104.0


          L  2103.3
                                                                    2083.5
          C 2109.1
                                                                    2097.8



-- 
*MrTopStep Group*

*web*: http://mrtopstep.com
*email*: info@mrtopstep.com
*youtube*: http://youtube.com/mrtopstepgroup
*twitter*: http://twitter.com/mrtopstep


*NOTICE of CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLAIMER:  This email is intended only for
the person(s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
confidential and/or privileged material. Delivery of this email or any of
the information contained herein to anyone other than the intended
recipient or his designated representative is unauthorized and any other
use, reproduction, distribution or copying of this document or the
information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of sender or its affiliates is prohibited and may be
unlawful.*

*The information and data in the following report(s) were obtained from
sources considered reliable.  Opinions, market data, and recommendations
are subject to change at any time.   Their accuracy or completeness is not
guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or
solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any
commodities or securities.  MrTopStep, its officers, directors and its
contributors may in the normal course of business, have position(s), which
may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report.
 MrTopStep, its officers, and directors are not agents, representatives, or
affiliates of the CME Group.*

*Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign
currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable
for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is
suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial
resources.  Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions
expressed in these report(s) will be the full responsibility of the
person(s) authorizing such transaction(s).     AN INVESTOR COULD LOSE ALL
OR MORE THAN THE INITIAL INVESTMENT.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS.*

