*Thank you William!  *

Good morning - today is Series S1H and the SPILL is 79 DOWN with  21
UP..Yesterday WAS OVER almost before it began & the biggest  TELL was in
place before 10:00 a.m….while many/most were focused upon the leaves on the
tree, much less the forrest (except CYRUS-lol) one post stood out head and
shoulders IMO against all others and it was IDENTIFYING THE TREE..It was
NOT mine but it wa 5 alarm fire bell drill for me immediately…more’


HERE: TheIrish:(9:53:15 AM):looks very much like 5/16 ....IMPRO:william
blount:(9:55:10 AM):ty IRISH

IMPRO:TheIrish:(9:55:37 AM):yw well see...........IMPRO:william
blount:(10:34:56 AM): TY THEIRISH imo post of the day thus far


Synopsis-Yesterday was S4L..May 16 was S4L...this past Friday, May 20 was
S4L...I spent the 2 minutes between THEIRISH post and my post  looking at
5/16 & 5/20, making sure of the SERIES DAY for 5/16 as 5/20’s S4L was very
fresh on my mind… NOW look at the GLOSSARY :after you look at 5/16 and 5/20
here:


SU -- STRAIGHT UP DAY-takes off early and keeps going with unsustainable
slope usually done by mid a.m. then grinds up into lunch or mid p.m.
followed by bracketing and another up.This is the toughest of all days to
discern the 5-7 swings.Hardest day on scalpers sardine players looking for
two way action.You usually only get 2 opportunities after the opening to
get on board if you do not recognize.You need a rope with a scalpel to
counter trade this.Looks like an upside down comma for the most part.


WHEN YOU HAVE ONLY TWO BRANCHES ON THE TREE with one telling you with a
foghorn SU DAY and the other telling you “‘if we are going to unravel we
need a higher mid a.m. high than the mid p.m. high” and you have a PRICE
(2069.5) that tells you where the BEARS need to gain any semblance of
control for the latter alternative AND you have 2 prices above you that ARE
KNOWN -2077 cash anyone??-- with one being the high POTENTIAL PRICE
(IMPRO:william
blount:(10:58:12 AM):a=c futures 77/77.25 when adjusting cash to current FV

IMPRO:william blount:(10:58:38 AM):2080.04 is cash A=C) you do not get as
easily distracted.


Look at the dates in question or do not , your call, but you will see
extremely similar occurrences again and again and again--Once again TY
IRISH for focusing on the tree not the leaves….PS : we took out 2058 SPOT
right out of the gate and this was taken  out  right out of the gate as
well… william blount:(9:36:39 AM):TL resistance 2061.96 -- not a
typo.IMPRO:william blount:(9:37:06 AM):on the spoo continuation chart
present multiple times over past 2 weeks. First posts of the day and  more
tells to go with the IRISH ...NO ONE HAS A CRYSTAL BALL  but you do have
TELLS, WHAT NEXT, RECOGNITION, AND WHERE THINGS LOSE CONTROL OR DECOUPLE
VERY OFTEN …


WHAT NEXT ?? I spent a lot of time going over S4L BECAUSE OF THE REPETITIVE
aspects  ..very quickly:I will pick up on the larger picture again tomorrow
BUT the BULLS have put themselves in MUST PERFORM and they do have the
cushion needed  with the 2025.91 .382 retrace as a critical marker for the
next swing down IF we do not take out 2111.05 first.ON A NANO level job 1
due to the 2076.09 (less than 2077) i for the BEARS is to take out the 2068
SPOT  and  for the BULLS it is to go after 2090.95/2092.83 cash which are
the lucas interval .764 and .786 retraces of the dump from the 2111..05
-2025.91 ...this has the 2083.5 spot as a first need followed by 2088/2090
non spot and roundie overhead...SPOTS TA ROUNDIES

                FV -2.93 S1H  05/25/16  JUNE 2016 contract


          DAILY

       WEEKLY

          PIVOT  2069.1
                                                               2046.8



          S1  2061.8
                                                                   2025.7


          S2  2048.4
                                                                    2001.3


          R1  2082.8
                                                                    2071.2


          R2  2090.4
                                                                    2092.3


        MAX H  2103.8
                                                               2111.6

        MAX L   2040.8
                                                               1980.2



        Range Projections


        2065.6-2068.6  Primary
                                                 2036.3-2081.8

        2055.1-2076.1  Alternate
                                               2013.5-2059.0



         TVS

         2076.1 High
                                                                 2062.7

         2067.3  Low
                                                                  2038.7



         TWO    DAY

        2076.0-2079.6 HIGH

        2053.4-2057.0 LOW


      OPG   2056.0
                                                                   2045.0

.          H 2077.0
                                                                   2068.0


         L  2056.0
                                                                    2022.5

         C 2075.2
                                                                    2050.0



-- 
*MrTopStep Group*

*web*: http://mrtopstep.com
*email*: info@mrtopstep.com
*youtube*: http://youtube.com/mrtopstepgroup
*twitter*: http://twitter.com/mrtopstep


*NOTICE of CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLAIMER:  This email is intended only for
the person(s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
confidential and/or privileged material. Delivery of this email or any of
the information contained herein to anyone other than the intended
recipient or his designated representative is unauthorized and any other
use, reproduction, distribution or copying of this document or the
information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of sender or its affiliates is prohibited and may be
unlawful.*

*The information and data in the following report(s) were obtained from
sources considered reliable.  Opinions, market data, and recommendations
are subject to change at any time.   Their accuracy or completeness is not
guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or
solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any
commodities or securities.  MrTopStep, its officers, directors and its
contributors may in the normal course of business, have position(s), which
may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report.
MrTopStep, its officers, and directors are not agents, representatives, or
affiliates of the CME Group.*

*Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign
currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable
for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is
suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial
resources.  Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions
expressed in these report(s) will be the full responsibility of the
person(s) authorizing such transaction(s).     AN INVESTOR COULD LOSE ALL
OR MORE THAN THE INITIAL INVESTMENT.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS.*

